hi my name is Chris Glover and I wanted to give you an overview of Comcast
advertising this presentation is meant to be more of a high-level look at
the Comcast advertising organization as a whole going to take a quick look at effective as well as free will
Comcast advertising Group which is led by Marcien
and really has two core components and that's effectv and that's
Freewheel the simplest way to think about this
is that effectv is the media
advertising sales
Comcast Freewheel to technology
platform that's focused on connecting buyers and sellers through our
technology to give you a brief overview of the high-level look at what we do
let's start with effectv
texting is really all about combining the targeting and measurement of digital with the
reach and impact of TV their focus on delivering results that matter most
to their clients
and their focus on doing it right now
we got a fact it is the media sales organization of Comcast that heavily leveraged is that local inventory across the Comcast footprint
to sell unique Solutions across the digital and linear foot
print solutions are really built around four key pillars
find Target for court and
prove that may sound simple as a contract
but it's really hard work that the effective team does
to make sure that they're delivering the most value for their car
the finding audiences no matter where they're watching across different screen be a digital are linear
able to precisely Target the core audience is that the advertisers are hoping to be
able to provide precise regular
reporting back to the clients they can understand how their dollars were spent ultimately able
through attribution to prove out
that the dollars worth
in terms of the size and scope of effective some quick numbers in
over 66 markets
there are over fifty plus networks
there across voder cross linear there across digital
there really have a great coverage
effective is a major business
with a lot of success throughout the year
let's take a quick 101 level
look at free will and who we are so the way we like to talk about ourselves is Free Will is truly the technology platform that is redefining
a television operate if you look at television in the NASA changes has gone through just over the past
audiences are watching
to how marketers want to reach those audiences
to how we truly live in the anytime any place any piece of content and by Irma
television has changed significantly
and it's got two more to go as well
we will love to say that we're sitting at the center of that and we're really driving tremendous change
across the industry for both buyers and sellers
play when it comes down to it we love to think that we're connecting
and ecosystem that's everyone on the buy side
from major agency holding company's
various dsps and programmatic buyers
Brands directly
resellers south
side of the market with premium programmers major cable operators
strategic digital players resellers as well
as the connective tissue that's bringing them all together
that they can transact
in the optimized how they're doing business
and reach audiences across all screens they can use data in the ways that they want to use data
and they can truly change
how they're doing business together using data and using
automation this is underpinned by who we are as a
company believing in trust transparency and control
we make sure that our clients goals are being met
on their terms cross-sport
business functions
really comes down to our software or Marketplace technology as well as our media Organization for media
buyers and sellers of Premium
our technology really
built to be the connective tissue
between the whole entire by side
as well as the premium video industry
not just connecting them and then walking away we're adding value
to convergence your audience Technologies
how data can be leveraged to cheap at our goals
that would Free Will has been built to do
we're having a lot of success making it happen on
behalf of clients across the ecosystem
all of this is built on
Foundation of trust partnership
bear trading Troll
and maximizing value for all participants
I wanted to give you a quick look at how we
work together it's important to know that
as part of Comcast advertising
their various ways that our technology is serving effective and effective is serving Free Will
and vice-versa examples and how we work together
effective is a media sales organization and MRN is actually the technology
Hornet fuel in your ad
operations across the board
effective needs to manage their orders they need to sell their inventory
makes you sure that customers are understanding what they're buying across screen
and it's really the system
don't have that effected needs to go out and acquire additional inventory
groups to sell to their class
and give them the technology to do that so that they can best acquire new inventory
together working at Advanced Data
should have the fuel better
planning better targeting
measurement half of the factors
we have a lot of data expertise of Free Will making sure that that is
shared and then we can work on that things that
matter together things like
effective inventory being available directly in the strata platform
another way of showing that we're working together
the Comcast advertising
umbrella
it's not a silo defective and Silent free well
there many ways that we work together in order to achieve the goals of Comcast
advertising things like free Wheels mrm technology being used
to fuel his ad operations
things like how do you fill audience extension
capabilities like how affected inventory is
available directly in the strata
platform for purchase by buyers
working on Advanced Data initiatives
together to meet the needs of Spectre
all of these are just two examples of how
we continue to innovate together
we continue to partner together
and we continue to work as
closest tow companies
under the Comcast advertising
NOTE lang en